ATHLETIC CAMPUS
---------------
1. Michigan Stadium: Michigan’s football stadium is the largest in the U.S

CENTRAL CAMPUS
---------------
2. Weill Hall: Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy
3. Law Quad: Michigan Law's base
4. Student Activities Bldg: Home of the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, Office of Financial Aid, and the International Center 
5. Angell Hall: Including Angell Hall Computing Site
6. LSA Bldg: College of Literature, Science, and the Arts
7. Michigan Union: Have Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) Wellness Zone and Spectrum Center
8. University of Michigan Museum of Art (UMMA): With hundreds of works of art and a café
9. Hatcher Graduate Library: U-M’s largest library
10. Ross School of Business: Enables students to make an impact in the real world
11. School of Education: education practitioners, policymakers, and researchers working toward a civically engaged society
12. School of Social Work: The School of Social Work ranks first in the nation
13. Palmer Field: You can shoot some hoops, run the track, play tennis, and use the field for playing games and hanging out
14. School of Nursing: Features recently renovated lab space and expansive classrooms for elevating the practice of nursing
15. Burton Tower: You can hear the bells from Burton Tower all over Central Campus as they ring at regular times throughout the day
16. Hill Auditorium: Lots of free concerts in a gorgeous concert hall. It’s a great way to experience live performances
17. Dana Bldg.: School for Environment and Sustainability's base
18. Biological Sciences Bldg.:Take time out to explore the dinosaur exhibits and planetarium and grab a bite at Darwin’s cafe
19. Nichols Arboretum: Located on the Hill, the Arb has trails, peony gardens, and open spaces to relax and enjoy nature

NORTH CAMPUS
---------------
20. Art and Architecture Bldg.: Have Stamps School of Art & Design and Taubman College of Architecture & Urban Planning
21. The Duderstadt Center: Many audio, digital, and fabrication studios here. Be sure to check out the 3D printer and the massive video game library! 
22. North Campus Recreation Bldg. (NCRB): Newly renovated with great facilities and equipment.
23. GG Brown Laboratories: With a welcoming, open design, the GGB features numerous classrooms and study spaces, as well as great views of North Campus.
24. Earl V. Moore Bldg.: Including School of Music, Theatre & Dance and Stearns Collection of Musical Instruments
25. Arthur Miller Theatre: features a courtyard format theatre to showcase both professional and student productions