ATHLETIC CAMPUS
---------------
1. Michigan Stadium: Michigan’s football stadium is the largest in the U.S
2. Elbel Field: Has football, softball, and soccer fields plus sand volleyball courts. The Michigan Marching Band practices here as well
3. Intramural Sports Bldg.: Work out solo or with friends in this historical building that’s been revamped with modern equipment
4. Yost Ice Arena: Indoor ice arena where you can watch Michigan hockey or skate with friends. 

CENTRAL CAMPUS
---------------
5. Weill Hall: Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy
6. Law Quad: Michigan Law's base
7. Student Activities Bldg: Home of the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, Office of Financial Aid, and the International Center 
8. Betsy Barbour Residence Hall: The Maize and Blue Cupboard provides resources, including food, kitchen, and personal and household items.
9. Trotter Multicultural Center: The recently opened building serves as a hub for student activities and a symbol of the campus commitment to social justice and diversity
10. Angell Hall: Including Angell Hall Computing Site
11. LSA Bldg: College of Literature, Science, and the Arts
12. Michigan Union: Have Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) Wellness Zone and Spectrum Center
13. University of Michigan Museum of Art (UMMA): With hundreds of works of art and a café
14. Tappan Hall: Has Fine Arts Library where is a quiet spot open to all students. There’s an excellent collection of art history resources
15. Hatcher Graduate Library: U-M’s largest library
16. Ross School of Business: Enables students to make an impact in the real world
17. School of Education: education practitioners, policymakers, and researchers working toward a civically engaged society
18. School of Social Work: The School of Social Work ranks first in the nation
19. Shapiro Undergraduate Library: By far the most popular place to study on campus, has a café on the first floor and is open 24/7
20. Randall Laboratory: If you take any physics classes, you’ll definitely spend time here. There are balconies on the upper floors to study and hang out
21. East Hall: You’ll likely take your math and psych classes here in open, well-lit spaces
22. Undergraduate Science Bldg.: Includes teaching laboratories for the Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and interdisciplinary science instructional space and support.
23. Palmer Field: You can shoot some hoops, run the track, play tennis, and use the field for playing games and hanging out
24. School of Nursing: Features recently renovated lab space and expansive classrooms for elevating the practice of nursing
25. Modern Languages Bldg: The Media Center here has from sound mixing to HD video production, the Media Center has all the tools you need to produce digital media projects.
26. Burton Tower: You can hear the bells from Burton Tower all over Central Campus as they ring at regular times throughout the day
27. Hill Auditorium: Lots of free concerts in a gorgeous concert hall. It’s a great way to experience live performances
28. School of Kinesiology: Having recently moved into a building in the heart of Central Campus, the school of Kinesiology now boasts more than 245,000 sq. feet of classroom, study, and lab space.
29. Michigan League: Great place to connect with friends. You can enjoy meals or snacks at Maizie’s on the first floor.
30. Chemistry Bldg.: Both the basement and the Science Learning Center are great places to study
31. Dana Bldg.: School for Environment and Sustainability's base
32. Biological Sciences Bldg.:Take time out to explore the dinosaur exhibits and planetarium and grab a bite at Darwin’s cafe
33. Nichols Arboretum: Located on the Hill, the Arb has trails, peony gardens, and open spaces to relax and enjoy nature

NORTH CAMPUS
---------------
34. Art and Architecture Bldg.: Have Stamps School of Art & Design and Taubman College of Architecture & Urban Planning
35. Lurie Carillon: Wednesdays at 1:30 p.m., during carillon recitals at Lurie Tower, you can visit the bells on the second floor and the keyboard room on the third floor
36. The Duderstadt Center: Many audio, digital, and fabrication studios here. Be sure to check out the 3D printer and the massive video game library! 
37. GG Brown Laboratories: With a welcoming, open design, the GGB features numerous classrooms and study spaces, as well as great views of North Campus.
38. North Campus Recreation Bldg. (NCRB): Newly renovated with great facilities and equipment.
39. Earl V. Moore Bldg.: Including School of Music, Theatre & Dance and Stearns Collection of Musical Instruments
40. Arthur Miller Theatre: features a courtyard format theatre to showcase both professional and student productions